light as a feather stiff as a board
light is a feather stiff is a board
[Music]
okay all right let's do this i know it
feels fast
but it's nice isn't it to have a family
unit
come on in to meet the boys they're
really excited to meet you
how you feeling about school you can
meet some new friends
i know why the caged bird sings
wow that is super nasty
all right enough settle down
hey it happens to everyone he's made us
all cry at one point or another
you should come over after school
what is all this this is a ceremony
to celebrate you
why would you celebrate me because
you're out fourth
just in time for first period
this is all just a little crazy half the
battle of having powers is
believing you do that's why covens have
always been important
[Music]
if we can do that what else can we do
we need to put a spell on timmy we don't
want to hurt him though right
she's right the number one rule of the
craft
if a person is a danger to herself or
others
they will be bound
i was starting to get a little worried
sorry i was just hanging out with my
friends
oh we've gone too far
was this just like some game tv
i feel different
be careful a lot of weirdos out here we
are the weirdos mister
[Music]
you